 
 Hotline Client (software) - Higher Intellect Vintage Wiki 
 Search Log in ↓ Personal tools Log in Request account 
 Navigation menu
 Navigation Main Page Random page List Categories Definitions Sections Amiga Apple Companies Compaq Computing DEC Hewlett-Packard Hotline IBM Internet Microsoft Networking NeXT Packard Bell SGI Software Sun Telephony Toshiba Our Network Higher Intellect Home Documents Wiki Get Hotline/KDX Tech Museum Donate Blog Retro Software Old Driver Software Apple Dev Archives Partners OMGWTFBBQ Tech Blog Paul Lezica Altexxa Group ALTEXXANET 
 Namespaces Page Discussion Actions Views Read View source View history Tools Tools What links here Related changes Printable version Permanent link Page information 
 Hotline Client (software) 
 From Higher Intellect Vintage Wiki 
 Hotline Client is the client side end of the Hotline software suite created by Adam Hinkley and released by Hotline Communications. The client application can connect directly to the Hotline Server (software) via DNS or IP, or interface with the Hotline Tracker (software) to view an index of servers registered with a tracker.
 The Hotline protocol was also unofficially ported to *nix based operating systems. Unofficial clones are also available under Macintosh and Windows along with the official software. A complete list of Hotline related downloads can be found at https://preterhuman.net/gethotlinekdx.php .
 The Hotline Client is the vehicle which allows users to navigate the wired Hotline world. The Client is a simple and elegant application that enables the user to connect to a server, chat with other users, read and post news, and simultaneously transfer files with speed and ease. All this is presented in a user-friendly and polished interface. The Client incorporates cutting-edge features such as resumable downloads and uploads, private personal messaging, news, and real-time chat. Both the Server and the Client multi-task seamlessly, even while the user is checking e-mail, browsing the web, or running other applications in the background or foreground.
 Summary of Key Features: 
 Resumable uploads and downloads 
 Chat - including private chat 
 Private messaging 
 News posting and reading 
 Can create bookmarks for often visited Hotline Servers 
 Cross-platform - Macs and PCs can connect to a Hotline Server regardless of the platform and chat, post news and transfer files 
 Used to easily administer a Hotline Server 
 Low RAM requirements 
 Hotline protocols maximize net work bandwidth and are optimized for both high-speed connections as well as for the average user on a 28.8 kbps modem. 
 Contents 
 1 Hotline Client 1.2.3 
 1.1 Macintosh 
 1.2 Windows 
 2 Hotline Client 1.5.5 
 2.1 Macintosh 
 3 Hotline Client 1.8.1 
 3.1 Macintosh 
 3.2 Windows 
 4 Hotline Client 1.8.4 
 4.1 Macintosh 
 5 Hotline Client 1.8.5 
 5.1 Macintosh 
 5.2 Windows 
 6 Hotline Client 1.9.1 
 6.1 Windows 
 7 Hotline Client 1.9.2 
 7.1 Macintosh 
 8 See Also 
 Hotline Client 1.2.3 
 Version 1.2.3 of the Hotline software suite was widely used and can be considered the most popular version of the software.
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.2.3 for Macintosh 68K 
 Hotline Client 1.2.3 for Macintosh PPC 
 Windows 
 Hotline Client 1.2.3 for Windows x86 
 Hotline Client 1.5.5 
 This version introduced threaded news as opposed to the older style used by version 1.2.3. 
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.5.5 for Macintosh PPC 
 Hotline Client 1.8.1 
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.8.1 for Macintosh PPC 
 Windows 
 Hotline Client 1.8.1 for Windows x86 
 Hotline Client 1.8.4 
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.8.4 for Macintosh PPC 
 Hotline Client 1.8.5 
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.8.5 for Macintosh PPC 
 Windows 
 Hotline Client 1.8.5 for Windows x86 
 Hotline Client 1.9.1 
 Windows 
 Hotline Client 1.9.1 for Windows x86 (Super Tracker Edition) 
 Hotline Client 1.9.2 
 Macintosh 
 Hotline Client 1.9.2 for Macintosh PPC 
 See Also 
 Hotline Clones 
 Hotline Icons 
 Hotline Icon Lists 
 Hotline Users 
 Retrieved from " https://wiki.preterhuman.net/index.php?title=Hotline_Client_(software)&oldid=92993 " 
 Categories : Hotline Software 
 This page was last edited on 11 April 2024, at 02:26. Privacy policy About Higher Intellect Vintage Wiki Go to preterhuman.net 
 