 
 Haxial KDX Server 1.6 review and download 
 rbytes reviews 
 Apps 
 Search 
 Reviews and Downloads 
 Mac 
 Internet Utilities 
 Haxial KDX Server 1.6 review 
 Haxial KDX Server 1.6 review 
 Download 
 by rbytes.net on 
 KDX is like a swiss army knife for internet and intranet communications. 
 License: 
 Shareware 
 OS: 
 Mac OS X 
 File size: 
 566K 
 Developer: 
 Haxial Software P/L 
 Buy Now 
 Price: 
 $30.00 
 Updated: 
 07 Sep 2006 
 0 
 KDX is like a swiss army knife for internet and intranet communications. KDX is a powerful multi-OS "BBS"-style (Bulletin Board System) encrypted internet communications system that provides voice chat (Internet Telephone), text chat, messaging, news, file and folder transfer, remote access, trackers and more. 
It uses strong encryption to protect your communications for security and privacy. It is very useful for groups that need to collaborate on a project via the Internet. It is also very useful for remote administration of a computer. KDX uses a client/server architecture (NOT peer-to-peer). 
While KDX works very well over the Internet, it also works very well on a LAN (local area network). KDX does not require an Internet connection, and is thus suitable for use on an internal company LAN, and for home or small business networking. 
 Zoom 
 × 
 Haxial KDX Server screenshot 
Haxial KDX Server 1.6 search tags   
 Alternative/similar 
 Haxial KDX Server 1.6 
 KDX is like a swiss army knife for internet and intranet communications.
 Haxial KDX Sound List Edit 1.0 
 Haxial KDX Sound Lists Edit allows you to produce Sound List files that can be used with KDX.
 Haxial KDX Tracker Server 1.110 
 KDX is a BBS-style encrypted internet communications system that provides file transfer, voice chat, text chat, messaging, news, trackers and more.
 America’s Army: Special Forces (FireFight) 2.5a 
 America’s Army is one of the five most popular action games played online.
 KDX LogView 1.120 
 KDX is a BBS-style encrypted internet communications system that provides file transfer, voice chat, text chat, messaging, news, trackers and more.
 AV Bros. Puzzle Pro 2.0 
 AV Bros.
 RAR File Open Knife 5.50 
 RAR File Open Knife - Free Opener opens RAR-archives quickly.
 © 2004– rbytes.net: 
 software reviews , kostenlose software , programas , logiciels 
rbytes.network: kostenlose software , programas , logiciels 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 Sitemap 
 Submit 
 